Hana B. Geremew
Linkedin-https://www.linkedin.com/in/hana-geremew-964b15116

Springfield, VA 22153
(571)-525-6041
Hanaberehanu@gmail.com

EXPERIENCE 

UNC Charlotte College of Computing and Informatics — Undergraduate Teaching Assistant

      Aug 2023 - Present 
                
				ITSC 1600 (Computing Professionals) – Fall 2023
              -Work with the Professor and other TA’s to help teach and improve students’ performance.
             - Responded to student emails timely and Moderated Q&A discussion board.
             ⁃ Guiding students to improve their technical writing and research skills.
             ⁃ Graded assignments timely and provide timely and constructive feedback on student assignments.


Google Tech Equity Collective X MLT Tech Prep -Rising Innovator — Apprenticeship

      Mar 2023 – Present

             Tech Prep is a holistic career coaching program designed by Google, in partnership with Management Leadership for Tomorrow (MLT), to support Black professionals looking to transition into technical roles. Through live and on-demand coaching sessions, playbooks, and workshops, Rising Innovators are equipped with the know-how to successfully navigate their career transition. 

RippleMatch , —  Marketing Intern 

      January 2023 - Present 

             -Leveraged various growth strategies and tools including social media, email marketing, presentations, and peer and faculty member networking to grow the user base and awareness on campus

Alexandria Families For Safe Streets (AFSS), Alexandria, VA — IT support and Graphic Designing Team - Internship

      October 2020 – Present
             -Coordinating, creating, and scheduling content, designs, and periodic updates to the company website.

LANGUAGES
    Fluent in English and Amharic	

SKILLS
    Software: MS suite 2016 HTML, JavaScript, Python
	Certification(s): Google UX design professional certificate.
	
	Design: Adobe XD, conduct UX research, Figma, Wireframes or storyboard, User research prototyping
	
	Support: Helpdesk: Sales Support (research market, product, service, and client information)
	
	Customer Service Support: email, phone, and in person

EDUCATION
     Northern Virginia Community College, Alexandria, VA — Associate of Applied Science, Computer Science & Programming 
 AUG 2019 –AUG 2022
     University of North Carolina Charlotte, Charlotte, NC — Bachelor of Applied Science, Computer Science & Human and Computer Interaction      
 JAN 2023 – Present

     


PROJECTS
Project Name – Pearl Hacks
Participate & demo at Pearl Hacks 2023 held at the University of Chapel Hill.


